[00:01] Hey, what's up striker team? So Joe and I are gonna take a couple minutes here and go through the website and share some of our feedback and figured we just go ahead and loop this into a recording and share it with you guys to make it super simple to uh, go back to so first things first, um, you know

[00:19] , Joe, how do you feel about the first impressions of the site? I think the look of it is fine. I think like some of the imagery that's used here.

[00:27] We're getting ready here soon for you guys to share the official logo. And so I think some of the text font is going to want to be updated across the whole site to be a little bit more Inline and in brand with what our logo would be our logo is likely going to be something that looks just like this So

[00:43] we're probably going to want to update some of the text font. That's a minor thing I also think we're going to need to update a little bit of the brand colors I think the orange is slightly off from what are actual oranges and I think the navy blue that's used is also slightly off So I can provide the

[00:57] text codes to what those are specifically as we then work on updating all of that. Aside from that, Joe, you wanna get into maybe some of the copy in the writing?

[01:08] Yeah, so I think the overall copy needs to convey that we understand the customer's problem. And the ideal customer for us, the target customer for us is somebody who had a solar panel system installed and the company who installed it went out of business and therefore they lost their warranty.

[01:27] So, you know, the way the copy reads right now, it's more technical, for example. We help homeowners and businesses troubleshoot underperforming solar systems, repel panel-related faults.

[01:40] That's the kind of language that we might use one another within the solar industry, but I think what needs to come through clearly is, hey, did your solar company go out of business?

[01:49] Did you lose your warranty? Are your solar panels broken? Okay, we can help you. You don't want to confuse the prospect of which service that I choose or which we want them to call us.

[02:02] We want them to know that once they hit this page and from the very first frame here at the top of the page that we understand their problem, their company went out of business, they lost their warranty and the panels are broken and there may even be damage to the roof.

[02:15] The roof may even be leaking, but we want to get okay, we feel your pain, we feel your pain, we can help you out.

[02:21] So click the button or call us right now. Yeah, exactly. So I think for the striker team, a good reference to this, there's actually another company that is a law firm that we've done some work with, but they are helping homeowners that are in bad spots with their solar systems.

[02:37] So you could look this up solarpaneloverleaf.com. Although I don't think that their website is the most pretty looking site. I think it articulates a very clear point.

[02:47] Solar and solar out of business. You could be entitled to a significant reduction or cancellation of your loan. Again, this is because they're a law firm.

[02:53] In our case, it's solar and solar out of business. It's your system not working. We are here to help, right?

[02:58] Like where are your hero? Which is part of when we use this logo, we're representing this like super hero ideology of we're trying to help somebody out of a tough spot.

[03:09] So I totally agree with you on that, Joe. These are like minor design related things. As we scroll down on the front page here, I definitely would want to update some of these images.

[03:20] I think we can find better images to represent these various services, maybe slightly different borders. Again, a little more design, umph, and excitement to the site.

[03:32] I don't think we need to change a whole lot about like the wording necessarily. I'll have to read through each of these specifically just to make sure that it's, you know, totally on in line with, you know, what it's talking about.

[03:43] And again, kind of the point Joe was just articulating. Also, while we're on that, the additional services here, I know Dan, we have talked about offering potentially offering a solar system inspection and report as a secondary service for people that need to have a system assessment, whether it be for

[04:02] legal purposes, real estate purposes, but that may be one of the items we want to include on here instead of solar panel servicing, maybe solar system inspections, and we can write the copy there.

[04:13] Of course, we can change some of this. I'm pretty sure we can edit all of this right after the original site is delivered to us.

[04:19] I think so, depending on whether we have full access into wherever the hosting is of it or not. But yeah, some of the writing, I'm sure we can easily switch out or we could type it up, send it to the striker team, and they can, you know, load it in later.

[04:32] So we can go through some of that. I'm more concerned about like the design and the elements, the things that we're not going to want to change or modify or do ourselves.

[04:40] Text is pretty easy. The all of our services, this goes to a different page here. Again, there's just some brand and appearance things.

[04:56] I think that the initial site, although this will probably work, I think also too, just feels a little amateur. It just doesn't feel like it was really well designed.

[05:08] I want to make sure our priority is performance over design. So we can be clear on that. Like I want it to perform more than I want it to look nice.

[05:15] But I think that there's a world where it can be both and it can be a very happy medium between the two.

[05:22] Just kind of going back through the phone number. This is a place holder for my phone number currently, but we're gonna swap that out with a real phone number that we're gonna be using.

[05:32] We're going to need to read through exactly the process. I don't mind having a process section here. Again, some of these images just feel like they're either being used too frequently or even though this image right here isn't the same image as this one right here.

[05:49] It just feels like it's the same. It's the guy in the same posture, pretty much on the same house. So we might want to have find some different stock images or imagery that we can substitute in here.

[06:05] What else Joe, what else do you see that opens to a calling FAQs. You know, what we might want to do here too, Joe as I'm looking at this is like, We might want to take some time and actually write out like okay, well what are five or six of the most frequently asked questions will provide the text writing

[06:28] and like a word document and just say hey replace this with that things of that sort of and again we'll have to talk to the team live because I don't want it's a totally sabotage the SEO objective right and if some of the words and the keywords that are being used are specifically in here for the purposes

[06:47] of of ranking and being found then I don't want to undo that work, but I also want to make sure that people are clear like when they find our site, our objective again is to be your solar repair hero because you're in a bad spot.

[07:00] You've been hurt by a company that's no longer around your assets sitting on your property, not working and you've wasted a ton of money and you need us to come in and save the day.

[07:08] Like that's the objective, that's the customer's journey. So, yep, yep. Okay, no, I think that's, I think that's those are the main things for now.

[07:20] Again, we want to convey through our wording and through our wording and the copy that we understand the customer's problem, we understand their frustration, we understand the situation that we're in and we're going to get them out of it.

[07:31] Yeah, yeah. And then I guess one other thing I'll include here into the video because as we ultimately share whatever the finalized logo design is for or for the brand, that's obviously gonna need to get placed into the header and the upper left corner.

[07:47] Just as a quick reference point, I know that this logo here is a much more sort of lean and horizontal logo, so it fits very well here into the header where our logo might be a little more square, might be a little more tall.

[08:00] I'm gonna point to another company that has a logo that's similar, this is a roofing inside and company with some of an inspiration for like a design and feel.

[08:09] So you'll notice that as we scroll though, their logo remains kind of locked in position, but over top of the assets beneath it.

[08:18] So just to thought, strikers, you guys are working on the website. That's partially how we might want the logo to look.

[08:25] Another example of this is a company called Roofing Pups. Does something somewhat similar with this banner at the top, keeps all of this locked into place.

[08:34] There's a little part of this that hangs over top of the website scrolling beneath it. But that's just a little bit of a scroll element that we might want to have when it comes to putting our logo in here pretty soon Other than that, that's pretty much all I have for now.

[08:48] So we'll send this recording over to you guys and appreciate the help Thanks guys
